Need to tokenize local storage username

Need understand how jwt secure routes, and secure routes (add auth middleware)

Need to return catched errors and send their status messages

Need to hide the jwtSecret

Need to add jwt to user edit

Need to check if redux persist is working

Need to change storeURL to productionURL later

Need to add option of adding to cart and purchasing with no registration

Storing data locally is normal enough, but make sure to consider what happens if you change your cart or product schema and that invalidates the local data.

i will be annoyed using your service if i start putting together a cart on my laptop, try resume on my cellphone but then find out my cart data is device-specific you should store their cart data on the server

Need to block the copy paste mechanism at verify password

Check email at register component doesn't work, fix it

Disable access to Personal area if user did not login, navigate back to main page

When the user log's in, transfer his cart that he made when he didnt logged in, into the database, and delete it from the local storage

For some reason either the Header or the MainPage components rerenders for like 3 times for no reason, fix it

Need to change objectfication at LocalStorageCart to work with arrays from the local storage

change the key in mapping to _id

Sometimes when adding items to the cart when the user is logged in, the updates doesn't show at all, only when the page refreshes

When entering personal area, and reloading the page, the user logs out

Get redux persist back to work, and change localStorage['userName'] to state.userName

When search entry is inserted, and the user navigates to store page, the items doesn't reload. only reloading the page fixes the problem, fix this

unrelated but you might as well just name them setJSON/getJSON tbh as it's not strictly arrays

When removing a product manually, the localStorage['cart'] doesn't disappear, it beomes an empty array. remove it entirely.

Use $set to update only certain fields, instead of overwritting the whole document.

When navigating from checkout page to store page, the items doesn't load, fix it.

Need to put order summary (total products, total to pay) in checkout page.

Need to change address field to street name field in personal info

Need to add regex to Personal Info schema

Find out what causing the warning inside DatabaseCart and LocalStorageCart (key prop warning)

Add images of the items into the cart 

Sometimes, when the cart has 0 items, and you add items into the cart, the cart on the frontend doesn't update, fix this. 

When you're logged out, and you make a cart, and then login, you insert a cart into the database, which belongs to the same user. if you do this again, you register another cart which belongs to
the same user, but the cart shown is the first cart you've made. make it so that the database contain only one cart per user.

Add phone number verification 

Confirm order button at checkout page does not validate field correctly

There are many warnings throught the components, such as in My Orders, fix them.

Need to add order date and order pay date to the orders.

Need to add pay status to the orders.

Need to add specific order page.

Need to add Cancel button to My orders.

Need to make admin panel.

If you dont remove the users older carts, and then remove the user's latest cart, the previous cart on the list will load. fix this.

Need to store images on a good source.

Need to make a special search results page, not just an altered main page.

Add a back button to search page and specific product page.

When in checkout page, and removing all items from cart, you can still make a purchase. fix this so its not possible to make a purchase if the cart is empty.

After an order is made, save only the last 4 digits of the credit card into the database.

Check if all the products in the cart are removed when completing an order, either from local storage cart or from databasecart.

When logged out, and carts are in local storage cart, when refreshing the page, the cart is gone. this happens with databasecart too. 
When logged in, every click on diffrent links other than the main store page deletes the cart. fix this.

If the cart is empty, don't let the user to checkout.

Need to make a drop down at the credit card expiration date month and day. right now the user may enter an invalid day or month.

Enforce unregistered users to register, when clicking on Checkout.

Need to change the schema of edated and edatem and their names and ids, its not days and months, its months and years.

Need to block access to non admin users who try to access the domains of the admin panel

Need to block the changes a "user" does if he is not admin (if he adds an item, check in the backend if he is admin, by checking if the boolean isAdmin exist in the user's data. if its not, block the change)

Need to add validation to add items and edit items.

When viewing an item details page, and trying to click on other item's detail page from the cart, the other item's detail page doesn't show up, the same details from the old item is shown. fix this.

Need to edit the item specific queries, with $set. 


After editing an item, the new data only shows after a refresh. this is probably a problem with redux originalItems. fix this. 

If a user ordered an item that has been edited, it might be problematic. see if it is problematic, and fix if neccesary.
